“I knew it had to be someone in the house, since the figure of the slasher was seen to cross the field to the scarecrow from the direction of the house,” Gregson explained. “It couldn’t have been Mr. Forbes because he was on the phone with the police when the slasher was spotted by the maid. The maid also told me that the figure was very agile, which rules out the cook; with her bad leg her movement is cumbersome at best.”
“Why believe everything Annie says?” The butler snapped. “She could have done it!”
“No,” said Inspector Gregson. “Mrs. Avery told me that Annie can barely help with the household chores. If she cannot lug piles of sheets around, I doubt that she has the strength to hack scarecrows to pieces with a blade, and she certainly can’t cut wooden poles clean through.
“It's also extraordinary that your sudden burst of appetite started the day of the first scarecrow incident. It’s quite clear to me, Philips, that you wanted to get the scarecrow’s clothes, or rather something in the clothes, since you destroyed them in the process of searching them.”
Gregson held up the sparkling necklace for Philips to see.
Philips wrung his hands together. “I’ve not harmed anyone,” he wailed. “It has often been suggested that the old master of the house concealed something of great value within these walls. Over the years I’ve searched for it and then all of a sudden Mrs. Avery found those old clothes to use for the scarecrow, I’d have looked through them in my own time but she locked me out of the kitchen. I knew that if I destroyed the scarecrows she’d have to make new ones and gradually I’d be able to search all the clothes.”
Philips hid his face behind his hands and his shoulders started to shake.
“Now Philips,” the Inspector said gently. “I suggest you tell Mr. Forbes that you discovered the necklace during your round of duties and so return it to its rightful owner. If you are yearning for extra funds, I suggest that you write a book. A first-hand account of the terrifying attacks of the Scarecrow Slasher will certainly not be left to gather dust on the shelves.”