The next day, Dan called the man who he suspected of being the congregation’s Santa Claus. After stating why he had called, the man admitted to being Secret Santa. Dan then asked him to come to his office for a visit. Santa complied and they met shortly after lunch.
Santa wasted no time. Before even sitting down, he asked Dan, “How did you know it was me? I’m a little disturbed, for you know we are to do our good works in secret.”
Dan smiled and said, “Don’t worry. You’re secret is safe with me. Let me explain and then we’ll discuss how to proceed. I like what you are doing and the Santa suit is a nice touch.”
Jim said, “That’s just in case somebody like you happens to see me.”
After a short pause, Dan continued, “You didn’t know it, but I watched you the last three nights. I know there are only five non-staff church members with keys to the building. My instincts told me it was not a staff member. So, it had to be one of five people – all men, as it turns out”
Smiling, Santa said, “Your instincts did not lie to you.”
Smiling back, Dan said, “I’m pleased you are feeling a bit better about being found out. So, how did I figure it out? Well, mainly by simple pastoral observation. I noticed early on that you walked quickly. Certainly Al Busby, 77 years old and crippled by arthritis, could not do that. I also saw that you carried the heavy sack with both hands. That counts Al Daughtry out. You know he has a badly broken arm.”
Dan paused a moment and both men chuckled. Santa asked, “That’s two down and good observations, Dan.”
Dan smiled and said. “Thanks. Now, I also noticed over the course of the last three evenings that you moved with a great deal of quickness and grace. You know how clumsy Bobby Key is. He would not be capable of doing what you did. So, that takes me next to Jeff Reynolds. As you know, his stroke last year has made him weak on his right side and walking with a limp. He, too, would not be able to move as quickly and efficiently as Secret Santa.”
Jim Dockery was now smiling broadly, for he had grown comfortable with Pastor Dan knowing his secret. He asked, “So, do you have a clue for me or was it just process of elimination?”
Dan replied, “It could have been process of elimination, but I saw you reach into Santa’s sack with your left hand.”
“So what?” asked Jim, not yet understanding the significance?
“So, you told me at our last lunch together that you were the first left-handed pitcher on your minor league baseball team to throw a no-hitter!”
Both men laughed. Pastor Dan took Jim Dockery’s hand in fellowship and friendship and asked, “So, how may I help?”
Jim replied, “Just tell those who ask that you have no idea who Secret Santa is. Allow me to do this work in secret so that the light may shine upon Jesus Christ. He is the true giver of gifts.”