It's a fun day -- Easter Sunday.
Mary loved to greet that one day! In the sunshine, she felt happy
and her bright new shoes looked snappy. For her church she'd proudly dressed.
But before, she'd made a quest, peeking on the park beside,
where those Easter eggs would hide -- Eggs and candies, flowers too.
Things to eat and things that grew! After church (and wooden seats),
in that park she'd hunt for treats! But a mystery, without warning,
lurked outside on Easter morning. And a special Easter game.
Find the guilty bunny's name! After all the eggs were hid, 
Mary wondered what they did? Someone hid them -- then was gone --
leaving presents on the lawn. "Where'd that Easter Bunny go?"
Mary felt she had to know. Past the park, where lilies grew,
there's a stream that trickles through. Past its bridge, across a field
blooming flowers were revealed. Mary spotted luscious hills,
shining bright with daffodils, "Maybe if I'm not a dum-dum
I'll learn where these lilies come from!" But instead, the meadow air
seemed to glow a magic glare. On the grass, below her legs -- 
shone a thousand Easter eggs! And the eggs were just a fraction
of the crazy Easter action. There, to practice hiding habits,
Mary saw a thousand rabbits! "Hey, who's that?" a bunny shouted.
"We've been spotted! We've been outted!" Then one thousand bunnies turned,
curious what Mary learned. "Look at her! She's found the clues."
"And she's wearing pretty shoes." In the flowers, bunnies rose
wiggling each pinkish nose. White fur, brown fur -- some were grey.
They were everywhere today! "See these eggs that we'll be sharing?
Hiding them takes some preparing!" said the smartest bunny rabbit.
He's the boss. His name is Abbot. "Hiding well takes several tries.
So I teach -- I supervise!" "He's just lazy," joked another.
It was Randy -- Abbot's brother. Randy's grey, with silver legs.
He hid only dark grey eggs. He'd make jokes both dark and funny,
like a wise-guy Easter bunny! And when Abbot tried to preach,
Randy found new things to teach. "Randy, it's important we 
hide our treasures carefully." "Lazy -- that's what's wrong with him.
Abbot needs to hit the gym!" Mary laughed, but suddenly
one bright flash whizzed instantly! Breezes brushed across her face.
like a rabbit in a race. "I'm Speedy," the bunny said
(Cloud-white fur and eyes of red). "It takes work to hide those eggs
so I exercise my legs!" Abbot said, "His pride's quite clear.
He's the fastest bunny here!" Randy laid down six bright eggs.
Speedy crouched down on his legs. "Watch him now. Each egg he budges.
He'll roll it with careful nudges." Speedy stared, as though deciding 
where the eggs should all be hiding. Then he yelled, "It' so much fun.
Count me down now. 3, 2, 1" Poof! He vanished! Blurs of white!
Every egg rolled out of sight! There was grass now, nothing more.
Where the eggs had been before. "Presto!" Speedy yelled to Randy.
"Find them, and I'll give you candy!" Randy grumbled, then said, "Speedy,
For your candy, I'll be greedy." In a hole he disappeared.
But TWO Randys re-appeared. "Look," said Randy, "Ain't this handy?
This is my twin brother, Andy!" More bad jokes, and grey fur too!"
"He's like Randy. Now there's two!" Abbot muttered, "What a psyche.
Everything they do alike -- Walking, talking, hiding eggs.
And they both have silver legs!" Twitching whiskers soon detected.
From their hole, the two ejected, Two grey bunnies raced around
helping Speedy's eggs get found. But then Mary had a thought
something big that she'd forgot. "Whoops! It's Sunday. Time for church!"
"Hey! Don't leave us in a lurch!" Bunny friends all gathered round her
Saying they were glad they'd found her. Giving her an Easter cheer, 
Promising they'd meet next year. "Could I have a souvenir
To remember I've been here?" Mary knew she had to ask it 
Eying Randy's Easter basket. "Randy is so good at finding.
Just one egg could be reminding!" Abbot shook his ears and said,
"I give flowers out instead. "All these eggs are spoken for.
Just for Easter. Not one more." Mary left their Easter-land,
With a lily in her hand. Empty pockets (just her keys),
but she still could feel at ease. Sunshine left a gentle spark 
as she strolled back towards the park. Easter morning always pleases.
Once she even felt some breezes. But in church this day would seem,
as though it had been a dream. But the bunnies that she treasured
Knew that they would be remembered. As she reached down towards her leg, 
now her pocket held an egg! Mary didn't trust her eyes
She had found a big surprise. It was blue and yellow too
Just as though its dye was new. She was touched. They didn't ignore her!
Who had left that egg there for her? Play this special Easter game.
Find the guilty bunny's name!