Rochester was glad it was his turn to walk the dog. He generally didn't like to do this chore when company was over, but since Malcolm, the school bully, was one of those visitors he welcomed the chance to get away. Malcolm and his mother, Dr. Von Beddinglam, were over that night to meet Colonel Greenerbaum. Colonel Greenerbaum was a client of Rochester's father. Rochester's mother thought the single Dr. Von Beddinglam and the single Colonel Greenerbaum would want to meet. It turned out to be a bad idea as Colonel Greenerbaum was not nearly as nice as Rochester's parents thought. Rochester's mother reminded Rochester to be very careful while walking the dog, after all Rochester was still in the 6th grade. Rochester assured his mother he would and then zipped up his jacket and grabbed Fido's leash. "It was nice meeting you Colonel Greenerbaum," said Rochester. "Is it still raining outside?" grumbled the colonel. "It was raining cats and dogs early today, made my Cayman S Porsche all muddy." "I shall see," responded Rochester. There wasn't any rain outside but there was the neighbor's cat on the front porch. After a couple of barks and a loud hiss, the dog began to chase the cat and both pets quickly disappeared into the night. "Oh dear," said Rochester. Rochester's parents moaned. This has happened several times before and every time they would tell Rochester to put the leash on Fido before opening the door. Fortunately, Fido always grew tired of chasing the cat after a few blocks and returned home on his own. "Well, it looks like it hasn't rained in quite a while, colonel," said Rochester. The colonel muttered something inaudibly and then left the house without even thanking Rochester's parents for their hospitality. "How about some lights?" growled Colonel Greenerbaum as he walked in the dark towards his Porsche. Before anyone could reply, Colonel Greenerbaum took another step and turned on the motion-sensor light above the garage just as he reached his car. "Thank you for a lovely evening," said Dr. Von Beddinglam. She was always polite and always very gracious. "Let's go Malcolm!" Malcolm stumbled into the foyer carrying his electric guitar in his right hand. He didn't have a case for his guitar because the police were holding it as evidence. Rochester hated that guitar. For one, Malcolm used Rochester's face as a pick for a 45-minute rendition of "Smoke on the Water" and two: it was a left-handed guitar. "Thank you for a lovely evening," said Malcolm pretending to be sincere. Before Rochester's mother could praise Malcolm for his manners, the colonel yelled: "someone scratched my car!" Everyone ran outside and saw that there was a foot long scratch on the driver's side door of Colonel Greenerbaum's brand new Porsche. The scratch ran parallel to the car and was as straight as a ruler. The colonel had backed his car up the driveway, meaning the driver's side was directly next to the driver side of Dr. Von Beddinglams car. The front of her car faced up at the house, while Colonel Greenerbaum's Porsche faced down the steeply sloped driveway towards the street. "This is your fault," shouted Colonel Greenerbaum to Rochester's father. "I'm going to make you pay! This scratch will cost $759.89 to fix!" Rochester's father asked Colonel Greenerbaum if maybe the scratch had occurred somewhere else but the colonel insisted the damaged had been done while parked in his driveway. "I love my Cayman S Porsche and its 295 horsepower. I know what every inch of my car looks like at all times!" Colonel Greenerbaum grabbed a flashlight from his glove box and used it to give Rochester's father a better look at the scratch. "Look how long it is," exclaimed Colonel Greenerbaum. The colonel licked his thumb and rubbed some mud away from the scratch to reveal that it was two inches longer than previously estimated. "What do you think?" asked Rochester's mother. "It looks like a new scratch but I don't know. How can we be sure it happened here?" wondered Rochester's father. Just then, Fido returned home with his tongue hanging out of his mouth. Rochester quickly attached the leashed to his collar and gave him a little scratch behind the ears. "Your dog is suspect number one. Look at his collar. It's the same height as the scratch. He could have done it when he chased the cat. I told you it's your fault." Rochester's father agreed that Fido could have scratched the Porsche but he still wasn't convinced. "You're daughter Roxie rode her bike home. Her bike could have done it and that makes her suspect number two." Roxie had returned from the library shortly after Colonel Greenerbaum arrived. Dinner was delayed while everyone waited for her to change her clothes. During Roxie's ride home, her bicycle's back tire splashed mud all over her. "She coasted her bike between the two cars and scratched the car with her pedal." Colonel Greenerbaum grabbed Roxie's bike; it was leaning up against the garage door. The colonel positioned the bike so it faced in the same direction Roxie would have been travelling when she came up the driveway. He then positioned the pedal on Roxie's bike at the same height as the scratch on his Porsche. Next the colonel moved the bike forward, but didn't move the pedal, to show how Roxie's bike could have scratched his Porsche while coasting home. "It's possible," admitted Rochester's father. "I'll go and ask my daughter if she scratched your car." Rochester's mother buried her head in her hand. Her daughter would never purposely damage someone's property, but she is so easily distracted that she could have very well scratched the Porsche without even realizing it. "Why? She'll just lie or you'll lie to protect her. Besides, if it wasn't her then it was the boy and his guitar." The colonel claimed to have seen the guitar when he got out of his Porsche and Malcolm's mother admitted it was kept in the back seat on the driver's side. All agreed that the scratch on the Porsche could have been caused by some of the metal parts on Malcolm's guitar. "Dr. Von Beddinglam told us before dinner that Malcolm was caught once vandalizing a car. He's a juvenile delinquent. I know he scratched my Porsche with his guitar and since it happened on your property you'll have to pay," said the colonel. "But when did Malcolm scratch your car?" asked Rochester's father. "When you were in the kitchen doing the dishes. His mother gave him the keys to her vehicle so he could go and fetch his guitar. Here's how he did it."
The colonel ripped the guitar out of Malcolm's right hand and then demonstrated how he scratched the car while walking back to the house. According to the colonel, Malcolm would have walked back to the house with the Porsche on his left side while holding the neck of the guitar in his left hand. Rochester's father admitted it was very plausible especially the way the cars were parked. Dr. Von Beddinglam asked her son if he had scratched the car and of course he said he didn't. "It doesn't matter what he says. The kid is a hoodlum," proclaimed Colonel Greenerbaum. I gave you three suspects." "You forgot to include yourself," remarked Rochester. The colonel glared at Rochester. "Colonel, one of the suspects can't speak. The other probably doesn't even remember and the third is a known lair. How are we supposed to know what really happened?" asked Rochester's father. "I told you there are only three possible ways it could have happened." "You forgot to include the possibility that the car was already scratched," remarked Rochester. Again the colonel glared at Rochester. "Regardless of what your son thinks, or which of the three ways it happened, you are responsible. I demand you pay to have the scratch fixed or I'll take my business elsewhere." Colonel Greenerbaum was Rochester's father’s top client. If he lost the colonel's business he could possibly lose his entire business. "I'm sorry about your car, Colonel. I will pay to have it fixed." Rochester's father was dejected but he saw no other around the mystery of the scratched Porsche and no other way to keep the colonel's business. Suddenly, the motion sensor light turned itself off after its long programmable delay period had expired. In another coincidence, the neighbor's cat returned. Fido saw the feline and tried to chase it but all he did was jerked the leash taunt and turn the motion sensor light back on. "Father," said Rochester, "I know who is responsible for the scratch on the colonel's Porsche."