“I know it isn't McMurty,” said Sergeant Stoker. “If you had a pack full of hidden dynamite, you wouldn't be sleeping next to the campfire. … Even if you were cold.”
The soldiers all laughed and agreed that was true. McMurty was the most relieved of all, “But then who is the spy?” he asked
“Fact is … if I had a pack full of dynamite, I don't reckon I'd want to sleep in plain sight at all. Especially if I wanted to slip away some night and plant dynamite on the railroad bridge.” The men thought for a moment, as Sergeant Stoker continued his narrative. “I wouldn't sleep in front of a bush. And I wouldn't sleep out in the open under a tree. But behind a rock ...”
“Now wait a minute,” said Parker. But Sergeant Stoker smiled, and held up a finger to quiet him.
“It's mighty strange that you arrived in Illinois first,” Sergeant Stoker said to Parker. “… Since you said you were travelling the furthest – all the way from West Virginia.”
“I rode like the devil,” Parker insisted. “I didn't want to miss my chance to lend a hand!”
Sergeant Stoker nodded his head slowly, but then furrowed his brow. “I've only been stationed here for one week myself,” said Sergeant Stoker. “That doesn't seem like enough time for the West Virginia Army to send you on a 600-mile cross-country trip, all the way to Illinois.”
“They received a telegraph,” said Parker quickly. “And my horse travels fast!”
“85 miles a day?” asked Sergeant Stoker. “Even the best horses can't manage more than 50.”
Parker insisted his story was true, but Sergeant Stoker interrupted. “I believe you when you say that you logged the incoming ships at a receiving house. But I don't believe it was in West Virginia. … West Virginia doesn't touch the ocean.”
Parker looked around nervously at the faces of the other soldiers.
“You probably did work at a ship's receiving house,” the sergeant continued. “But Winfield Scott put a stop to that.” We all laughed. The Union's commanding general had enacted an “Anaconda” strategy, blocking all ships headed for the Confederacy. “I bet that left you with a lot of time on your hands. And a lot of reasons to want to put dynamite on our railroad bridge.”
“You can't be sure of this,” Parker shouted. “For all you know, you're about to arrest a loyal Union soldier.”
“I'm sure,” said Sergeant Stoker, “and here's why.”
“I never said the dynamite was under the bridge. I said it was on the bridge. But when you made your joke about Jefferson Davis, you said our rebel spy was sticking dynamite under our bridges. You're right, of course. But there's only one way you could've known where our spy was sticking his dynamite.”
Relief crossed Sergeant's Stoker's face, and for the first time that night, he smiled. “I'm sorry to spoil the campfire,” the sergeant said jovially. “Console yourself with the thought that someday, this war will be over, and we'll all be fellow country men again.”
“ … But until then – you're under arrest.”