“Jane, I have figured out who stole your iPod.” Mrs. Adam told her student. “Since you weren’t here at the end of class, you wouldn’t know the status of all the students. Let me fill you in on the details:
“Shay Dulaney said that Rachel was complaining about her dad to Lea, who Shawn Ramos revealed had been called down to the office before the bell rang. While this still left three possible culprits, Mr. Ramos, I decided, couldn’t have stolen the iPod, due to his fear of being expelled should he break the rules again. And Ms. Ramos mentioned using an iPod of her own at the end of class—she wouldn’t have used your iPod without first taking it home to peel off all your stickers.”
Mrs. Adam paused a moment, to be sure that all three pairs of eyes were fixated on her. Satisfied with her observations, she delved into the final solution. “When I asked Rachel and Lea what they knew about the theft, they both claimed to have not stolen the iPod. But the difference between their stories is that Rachel said she hadn’t stolen it from you, Jane, when I never said it was your iPod that was taken. May I see your purse, Rachel?”
The defeated looking teenager handed over her bag. After a minute of rummaging through seemingly endless odds and ends, Mrs. Adam’s effort revealed an iPod, adorned with various stickers and the name “Jane Landau” on the back.
“You don’t understand!” exclaimed Rachel, irate. “Everyone else has an iPod—why shouldn’t my father buy me one? I get straight A’s, don’t get into trouble, and do plenty of chores for him, but he never gets me anything I want!”
“I’m afraid that doesn’t change anything. You’ll have to go down to the principal’s office.” As she stomped to the door, Mrs. Adam called back to her once more, “Oh, and Rachel?”
Rachel looked back.
“iPods aren’t allowed in detention, anyways.”
Her face went red before she stormed out of the room. Satisfied, Mrs. Adam dismissed Jane and Lea, having given Ms. Landau back her iPod. With a heavy sigh, the teacher took a long draw from her coffee mug, and leaned back in her chair to enjoy the rest of her planning period. A moment later, the bell rang. “Drat,” she said.